Adding clarification around rule evaluation (#21207)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/service_catalog/scorecards.md

## How scores are calculated

> Each out-of-the-box scorecard (Production Readiness, Observability Best Practices, Ownership & Documentation) is made up of a default set of rules. These reflect simple pass-fail conditions and are automatically evaluated once per day. A service's score against custom rules are based on outcomes sent via the Scorecards API. To exclude a particular custom rule from a service's score calculation, set its outcome to `skip` in the Scorecards API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each out-of-the-box scorecard (Production Readiness, Observability Best Practices, Ownership & Documentation) is made up of a default set of rules. These reflect pass-fail conditions and are automatically evaluated once per day. A service's score against custom rules is based on outcomes sent using the Scorecards API. To exclude a particular custom rule from a service's score calculation, set its outcome to `skip` in the Scorecards API.
```
